README.md, before:

# stackit

The essential sidekick to any superhero developer.

stackit sends smart StackOverflow queries from your command line.

Created at [SB Hacks](ucsbhacks.com) 2015.

¡insert demo gif here!

***

## Features

This currently includes some future features––update before pitch/etc

+ Written in Python
+ Works on Mac, Windows
+ Automatically pipe error messages into StackOverflow queries
+ Parses and displays relevant questions and answers directly on the command line in reader-friendly markdown format
+ Pay it forward––stackit integrates suggested answer contribution into your development process.

## Thanks
This project is possible because of several other pre-existing projects and their contributors:

+ [Py-StackExchange](https://github.com/lucjon/Py-StackExchange): a Python wrapper for the StackExchange API
+ [Requests](https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests): "HTTP for Humans"
+ [Beautiful Soup 4](http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/): pretty data parsing for HTML/XML files, so you can read stuff

## Contributing

Contribution instructions coming soon.

For now, *hands off*.

### Contributors
+ [Vicki Niu](github.com/vickiniu)
+ [Leilani Reyes](github.com/lanidelrey)
+ [Eni Asebiomo](github.com/eniasebiomo)
+ [Lukas Schwab](github.com/lukasschwab)

***

## To-Do

+ README:
    + Installation instructions
    + Usage instructions
    + Contribution instructions
+ stackit-core.py:
+ Bash wrapper for stackit-core.py:

Commit message:

Adds Chief Keef to the README

README.md, after:

# stackit

The essential sidekick to any superhero developer.

stackit sends smart StackOverflow queries from your command line.

Created at [SB Hacks](ucsbhacks.com) 2015.

¡insert demo gif here!

![I think this is Chief Keef, but it's definitely stacked](http://media3.giphy.com/media/qan0r16ZJY2Qg/giphy.gif)

***

## Features

This currently includes some future features––update before pitch/etc

+ Written in Python
+ Works on Mac, Windows
+ Automatically pipe error messages into StackOverflow queries
+ Parses and displays relevant questions and answers directly on the command line in reader-friendly markdown format
+ Pay it forward––stackit integrates suggested answer contribution into your development process.

## Thanks
This project is possible because of several other pre-existing projects and their contributors:

+ [Py-StackExchange](https://github.com/lucjon/Py-StackExchange): a Python wrapper for the StackExchange API
+ [Requests](https://github.com/kennethreitz/requests): "HTTP for Humans"
+ [Beautiful Soup 4](http://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/): pretty data parsing for HTML/XML files, so you can read stuff

## Contributing

Contribution instructions coming soon.

For now, *hands off*.

### Contributors
+ [Vicki Niu](github.com/vickiniu)
+ [Leilani Reyes](github.com/lanidelrey)
+ [Eni Asebiomo](github.com/eniasebiomo)
+ [Lukas Schwab](github.com/lukasschwab)

***

## To-Do

+ README:
    + Installation instructions
    + Usage instructions
    + Contribution instructions
+ stackit-core.py:
+ Bash wrapper for stackit-core.py:
